Replace latest Group/Object with StartGroup and StartObject (#726)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

from the beginning of the current group.  If no content has been delivered yet,
the subscription starts with the first published or received group.

Latest Object (0x2): Specifies an open-ended subscription, beginning

> with the next published Object.  If no content has been delivered

Reviewer: The next published object may not be larger than Start Group/Start Object.  eg: with reordering the relay has seen 2-2 when my subscribe arrives, it will say '2-3', but the next object the relay sees may be 2-1.

My current relay implementation will not deliver 2-1, so I think I agree with what's below, but maybe just this wording needs something else.

Also, given the name in the response "Start Group/Object", we might want to clearly explain there is no guarantee that such object will ever be delivered or even exists.  It's just the equivalent to the field with the same name in AbsoluteStart/Range.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should instead call it as "LastSeenGroup" and "LastSeenObject"  .. this is the statement of truth when the subscription happened. End Subscribers now know the last known point and adjust accordingly.

> yet, the subscription starts with the first published or received group.

Author: ```suggestion
yet, the subscription starts with the first published Object.
```

  Subscribe ID (i),
  Expires (i),
  Group Order (8),
  [StartGroup (i),

>    StartObject (i)],

Reviewer: These are in brackets - when does the receiver know they are there?  Or should we always include them?  For AbsoluteStart/AbsoluteRange, we just echo back what was in the request?
